1. It will print out the number 3. This is because variables defined using var have a function scope so the value of variable i can be used throughout the function discountedPrices. Since line 12 is within this function, it can access the value and print out 3. (it is 3 as the loop runs up till length of price which is 3 and once i becomes 3, it exits the loop and reaches line 12).
2. It prints out 150 since it is the discounted price of the last element in prices array. The value of discountedPrice gets updated in every iteration of the loop and when the loop exits it has the last value from the array.
3. It prints out 150 as well. This is again the rounded value of the discountedPrice from last question. Since it gets updated every iteration as well, it will be 150 as well.
4. The function will return an array containing the discounted prices of the input array after discounting those prices by the given discount [ 50, 100, 150 ]. This is because discounted is an array and the function successfully calculates the discounts and adds the discounted prices to the discounted array which is returned at the end.
5. It will throw an error as let has a block scope and the variable i is defined in a for loop using let, so the value of i will only be accessible inside the for loop block. As a result line 12 will return an error that the variable is not defined.
6. It will throw an error as let has a block scope and the variable discountedPrice is defined in the block of for loop. The variable is not accessible outside of the for loop because of which it shows an error of variable not defined.
7. It will print out 150. This is because finalPrice is defined outside the for loop and in the function block. This means the value can be accessed and updated by the for loop and it also remains available after the for loop ends within the block of the function. Since line 14 is inside the function block, it can access the updated value. It is 150 as it is the discounted price of the last item in the input array. The for loop runs thrice and goes through every element of the array so the latest value that the variable has is of the last element in the input array.
8. The function will return an array containing the discounted prices of the input array after discounting those prices by the given discount [ 50, 100, 150 ]. This is because discounted is an array and the function successfully calculates the discounts and adds the discounted prices to the discounted array which is returned at the end. Since discounted is defined using let in the function block and not in the for loop block, it can get updated in the for loop and also be accessed by the return statement at the end which is inside the function block.
9. It will throw an error as let has a block scope and the variable i is defined in a for loop using let, so the value of i will only be accessible inside the for loop block. As a result line 12 will return an error that the variable is not defined.
10. It will print out 3 as that is the length of the input array which is stored in the length variable using const in the function and since it is being accessed inside the function and not being updated, it will print out that value.
11. The function will return an array containing the discounted prices of the input array after discounting those prices by the given discount [ 50, 100, 150 ]. This is because discounted is an array and the function successfully calculates the discounts and adds the discounted prices to the discounted array which is returned at the end. Even though discounted is a const variable, it is still mutable as an array. Const only prevents it from being reassigned. In the program we are not reassigning the value of discounted but just adding elements in the array. Since reassigning doesn't take place, we are successfully able to return the array with the discounted prices.
12. 
